The four-step integration cycle, your mission map, the digital journey to
understand how this all works. Think of it as building a sturdy Bridge, each
step is a crucial Park. You add connecting the physical world to the financial
record, refer to the diagram on the slide. It's your map for these steps.
Here are the key phases of your digital Journey 1, the trigger. This is
the important action. You take in Cooper, that starts everything 2, the
correction. If you make a mistake, you'll learn how to fix it. Safely to
keep clear records 3 the bridge data doesn't instantly teleport. It moves
between systems through a 5-minute sink cycle 4, the proof, the final
confirmation happens. In sap showing the official Financial truth. Can you
quickly visualize what happens in each of these four main parks?